SOFTWARE-6086: Container GPU Support (#241)
osg-htc/docs: docs/resource-sharing/os-backfill-containers.md

    - If your site has a [Squid HTTP Caching Proxy](https://osg-htc.org/docs/data/run-frontier-squid-container/) configured,
      set `OSG_SQUID_LOCATION` to that proxy's HTTP address.

    - If providing NVIDIA GPU resources, set `PROVIDE_NVIDIA_GPU=true`
      - This automatically sets variables in accordance with section [Providing GPU Resources](#providing-gpu-resources).

>     !!! note "GPU Configuration Minimum Version"
>         The first version of the ospool-ep RPM to provide support for GPU configuration is
>         24-2, which is currently available via the osg-development repository. It can be
>         installed using
>         `yum install --enablerepo=osg-development ospool-ep`

Author: ```suggestion
    !!! note "GPU Configuration Minimum Version"
        The first version of the ospool-ep RPM to provide support for GPU configuration is
        24-2. Ensure your installation of the ospool-ep package is up to date using 
        `yum update ospool-ep`.
```
